Create rule S6402[terraform] Creating DNS zones without DNSSEC enabled is security-sensitive (#691)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6402/ask-yourself.adoc

== Ask Yourself Whether

* The parent DNS zone (likely managed by the DNS registrar of the domain name) supports DNSSEC.

> * The DNS zone is public (contains data such as public reachable IP addresses). 

Reviewer: This part lacks the sentence saying "if you answered yes/no, then"

== Ask Yourself Whether

> The parent DNS zone (likely managed by the DNS registrar of the domain name) supports DNSSEC and
> 
> * The DNS zone is public (contains data such as public reachable IP addresses).
> 
> There is a risk if you answered yes to this question.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The parent DNS zone (likely managed by the DNS registrar of the domain name) supports DNSSEC
* The DNS zone is public (contains data such as public reachable IP addresses).

There is a risk if you answered yes to all of these questions.
```

Reviewer 2: having a parent DNS zone supporting DNSSEC is a good thing, so it should not be considered at a risk
I prefer what I did in my last commit

Reviewer: Ah ok, the goal of my suggestion was to make this part more aligned with the taxonomy of our others 'ask-yourself-whether'. So I'd say this:

```suggestion
* The parent DNS zone (likely managed by the DNS registrar of the domain name) doesn't support DNSSEC
* The DNS zone is public (contains data such as public reachable IP addresses).

There is a risk if you answered yes to all of these questions.
```

Because I feel like a bullet point with only one item feels awkward haha

Reviewer 2: It regularly happens to have only one bullet point

I would definitely prefer to be more specific but I don't have any ideas of more questions/risks for now

Reviewer: Ah ok, I guess I also a little misunderstood the sentence. The parent DNS Zone thing is actually the pre-requisite. My bad, I went through the review too fast. Ok then, let's go with it!
